Refactor JsonRecordReader and fix incorrect parsing of JSON objects for multi-line JSON (#879)
greenplum-db/pxf: server/pxf-json/src/test/resources/parser-tests/offset/README.md

# Generate JSON files for testing

These instructions will help you generate some of the JSON files required for testing. 

# Generate the big_data.json.bz2 file

This data set contains 30,000,000 rows of data zipped up using the BZip2 codec.

> `big_data.json` and `big_data.json.bz2` were created using the following

Reviewer: _Commenting here since I can't comment in the file itself._

I know that testing with this file helped to uncover a bug in the JSON profile and that including this going forward is important for catching regressions. However, this file is 92 MiB in size which is over 9x the size of the next largest file in the repo. Do we really want to include a file that large in the git repository?

Author: Since we have the instructions for creating the file, we could not include it in the github, but then add a script when something that would first generate this file before running the unit test?

Author: As discussed, for the unit test case, we will be reducing the size of the file.

```sql
psql
\pset tuples_only on
\o big_data.json

> SELECT '{"cüstömerstätüs":"' || CASE WHEN (((i+47)%29)=0) THEN 'invälid' ELSE 'välid' END || '","name": "äää", "year": "20' || (i%89+10)::text || '", "address": "söme city", "zip": "' || (i%1000 + 90000)::text || '" },'

Reviewer: For some reason this errors out when I copy-paste this as is. I had to munge this a little

```sql
SELECT '{"cüstömerstätüs":"' || CASE WHEN (((i+47)%29)=0) THEN 'invälid' ELSE 'välid' END || '","name": "äää", "year": "20' || (i%89+10)::text || '", "address": "söme city", "zip": "' || (i%1000 + 90000)::text || '" },' FROM generate_series(1,30000000)i;
```

Author: I'm not sure I see the difference. Is the only difference that it is not on 2 lines?

FROM generate_series (1,30000000)i;
```

> Then going in and adding the starting and ending array brackets in the data itself so that the final file looks something like this
> ```
> [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then go in and add the starting and ending array brackets in the data itself so that the final file looks something like this

```json
[
```
